This is the steak I just flew in this morning.
It's delicious, try it
Miss Wu?
You try it thank you
Compared to delicacies
I still prefer farm stir-fry
Miss Yi, do you want to eat too?
I won't eat if I'm full.
You go to lose weight
You eat more
Ah!
Just send it here, I'm leaving
Miss Ye, why did you do that just now?
What exactly do you want to do?
I don't want to do anything.
I just want to make your life better.
Does it matter to you whether I'm doing well or not?
You have to understand
Although we have an engagement
But I will not marry you
Chen Hao, you are too much.
Our lady is not worthy of you at all.
Xiao Ai
Chen Hao, I know your ex-girlfriend cheated on you
Very exciting for you
Make you stop trusting women, I'm late at night
I am sincere to you.